Improvements to the sponsored transaction tutorial (#806)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/smart-contracts/tutorials/sponsoredTransactions/index.rst

The third-party pays the transaction fee to execute the transaction on-chain.

What is the difference between a normal transaction vs. a sponsored transaction?
================================================================================

A normal transaction sent to a smart contract is signed by the user's wallet and authorizes the blockchain to subtract the transaction fee from the user's wallet as well as to execute a specific action. For example, the action could be to transfer some tokens from the user's address to another address.

The user creates a normal transaction by signing its ``account`` address, its ``nonce``, and the ``action``. The ``nonce`` increases sequentially every time the user sends a transaction to the blockchain to prevent replay attacks. The nonce is of type u64 (8 bytes) and by design >= 1.

.. image:: ./images/NormalSmartContractTransactionFlow.png
   :alt: Normal Smart Contract Transaction Flow
   :align: center

A sponsored transaction decouples the transaction fee authorization (third-party wallet) from the action authorization (user's wallet).

> The user signs a message (in that case the prepend is ``account`` address and 8 zero bytes) to authorize the ``action``. Hence, the 8 zero bytes ensure that the user does not accidentally sign a valid transaction. This means the red signature is not a transaction, while the black signature is a valid transaction in the below screenshot. The user's signature is sent to the backend server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user signs a message (in that case the prepend is ``account`` address and 8 zero bytes) to authorize the ``action``. Hence, the 8 zero bytes ensure that the user does not accidentally sign a valid transaction. This means the red signature is not a transaction, while the black signature is a valid transaction in the image below. The user's signature is sent to the backend server.
```

> The user signs a message (in that case the prepend is ``account`` address and 8 zero bytes) to authorize the ``action``. Hence, the 8 zero bytes ensure that the user does not accidentally sign a valid transaction. This means the red signature is not a transaction, while the black signature is a valid transaction in the below screenshot. The user's signature is sent to the backend server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user signs a message (in that case the prepend is ``account`` address and 8 zero bytes) to authorize the ``action``. Hence, the 8 zero bytes ensure that the user does not accidentally sign a valid transaction. This means the red signature is not a transaction, while the black signature is a valid transaction in the below screenshot. The user's signature is sent to the back-end server.
```

> The third-party creates a valid transaction at the backend server which is sent to the blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The third-party creates a valid transaction at the back-end server, which is sent to the blockchain.
```
